doc: add meeting notes 2023-02-06 (#54)
nodejs/performance: meetings/2023-02-06.md

# Node.js  Performance Team Meeting 2023-02-06

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8-DCAMGobE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/performance/issues/48

## Present

* Performance team: @nodejs/performance
* Yagiz Nizipli: @anonrig
* Marvin Hagemeister @marvinhagemeister
* Ulises Gascon: @ulisesGascon
* Stephen Belanger: @qard
* Santiago Gimeno: @santigimeno
* Tony Gorez: @tony-go
* Rafael Gonzaga: @RafaelGSS
* Robert Nagy: @ronag

## Agenda

## Announcements

> [Ada](https://github.com/ada-url/ada), the new URL parse will be added to Node.js as dependency in order to increase speed by 78 %, fetch will become faster too 🎉
> Marvin released a really good blog post on https://marvinh.dev/blog/speeding-up-javascript-ecosystem-part-3/. 

Reviewer: If these two are unrelated, they should not be on the same line.

```suggestion
[Ada](https://github.com/ada-url/ada), the new URL parse will be added to Node.js as dependency in order to increase speed by 78 %, fetch will become faster too 🎉

Marvin released a really good blog post on https://marvinh.dev/blog/speeding-up-javascript-ecosystem-part-3/. 
```

Author: thanks @tniessen  👍

*Extracted from **performance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Start time performance regression when upgrading from 16.x to 18.x [#45662](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/45662)
19.x changes are already merged
There is an ongoing work to port the changes to 16.x and 18.x (lead by @joyeecheung)
This item will be removed from the agenda
### nodejs/performance

* AbortSignal is slow [#44](https://github.com/nodejs/performance/issues/44)
Reached out to RxJS folks. There are some discussions and agreements ongoing, but after checking the performance improvements there were no major upgrades
PR from Santigo (@santigimeno) improves the performance by 20% - https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/46527 

> Ongoing discussion about if this can break the spec or not
> Recommendation escalate to WinterCG group

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ongoing discussion about further changes that could improve the performance even more include moving `Event.isTarget` to the prototype and not setting `__proto__: null`. The former might break the spec. 
Recommendation escalate to WinterCG group
```

Author: thanks @santigimeno ! :)
